There are two types of competencies
under the VAAA SMC school.
The first type is general.
This will include courses related to developing skills
in leadership, communication,
program and project management,
contracting and procurement,
and problems solving and decision making.
The second type is technical.
This will include courses related to developing
and improving technical skills in supply chain,
property and equipment management,
SCIT and management systems, sourcing, inventory management,
physical distribution and transportation operations,
maintenance operations, lifecycle logistics,
configuration and reliability, and maintainability analysis.
Select each heading to view a listing
of competencies for that category.